Tom Cruise earned $75 Million for his role in Mission Impossible 2.
Nicki Minaj’s full name is Onika Tanya Maraj.
Chris Brown has appeared on an episode of Sesame Street.
Robert Downey Jr. claims that Burger King saved his life from his drug addiction.
Paris Hilton has size 11 feet.
Jack Black is the son of rocket scientists.
Forbes magazine places Steven Spielberg’s personal net worth at $3.0 billion!
Rihanna’s first name is Robyn.
Tiger Woods is a Buddhist.
Lady Gaga has more Facebook fans than Barack Obama and Justin Bieber!
Miley Cyrus first tried out for Hannah Montana at the age of 11. She was denied due to her age.
Steve Jobs relieved stress by soaking his feet in Apple's company toilets.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a huge Star Trek fan!
At age 15, Jim Carrey quit school and became a janitor to support his family after his father lost his job. They were living out of a van.
Bruno Mars' real name? Peter Gene Hernandez.
Nicolas Cage once bought a pet octopus - he thought it would help with his acting (seriously).
James Lipton was once a pimp in France.
Johnny Depp suffers from coulrophobia, meaning he is afraid of clowns.
Jaleel White, aka Urkel, was also the voice for Sonic the Hedgehog.
J.K. Rowling was dismissed from her job as a secretary for daydreaming too much. She wrote the Harry Potter books 
Martha Stewart was once a fashion model.
Sex Expert Dr. Ruth is a trained Israeli sniper.
Jerry Springer used to be the mayor of Cincinnati.
Nicolas Cage's middle name Kim.
Christopher Walken was part of the circus when he was 15 as a lion tamer.
Dennis Rodman has 28 siblings.
Miley Cyrus' real name = Destiny Hope.
Nicolas Cage has said that he's done mushrooms with his cat before.
Kobe Bryant is fluent in Italian.
Leonardo DiCaprio was named Leonardo because his pregnant mother was looking at a Leonardo da Vinci painting in a museum in Italy when DiCaprio first kicked.
Sylvester Stallone's first movie was a porn called "Party at Kitty and Stud's."
Martin Lawrence was born in Germany.
Jackie Chan was in a porn.
Laura Bush killed someone in a car accident.
David Bowie's eye is permanently dilated because of a fight he got in when he was 15.
R. Kelly is illiterate.
Taylor Swift's first job was to knock praying mantises out of Christmas trees.
Halle Berry was named after a department store.
Brad Pitt's first job was dancing in a chicken suit to draw in customers at El Pollo Loco.
Simon Cowell polished Jack Nicholson's axe on the set of "The Shining." He worked as a runner of the flim.
The world's tallest model Amazon Eve, also known for her role in American Horror Story, was born a male.
In October 2014, Taylor Swift topped the iTunes Canada chart with a song that was literally just 8 seconds of static entitled 'Track 3'.
Daniel Radcliffe's stunt double was paralyzed after an explosion on film set of 'Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows'.
Lady Gaga once bought $1000 worth of pizza for fans waiting in line for her.
Will Smith's first name is actually Willard, not William.
In 2014, Skidmore College in New York started offering classes on the sociology of Miley Cyrus.
Taylor Swift is the first woman in history to release 2 albums that sold more than 1 million copies in their opening week.
OJ Simpson was originally cast to play Terminator, but director James Cameron did not feel that Simpson would be believable as a killer.
None of The Beatles could read music.
Tupac never won a grammy, and he actually received more awards after his death.