Ice cream was invented in China around 2000BC.
China has the world's largest standing army and second-largest defense budget.
100
million people in China live on less than US$1 per day.
China executes the death penalty more than 4 times as the rest of the world combined.
China uses 45 billion chopsticks per year.
China is the world's largest exporter and second-largest importer of goods.
In China, over 
35 million people 
still live in caves.
Nearly 700 million Chinese people
drink contaminated water.
78% of software installed in China in 2010 was pirated.
1 in every 3 socks you have were made in the district of Datang in Zhuji, China, now known as "Sock City".
Every year, about a million girl fetuses are aborted and tens of thousands of girl babies are abandoned in China because of the country's one-child policy.

Table tennis is China's national sport.
The PlayStation is illegal in China.
In China, it is mandatory that cosmetic products are tested on animals while in Europe it's prohibited.
More people go to church on Sunday in China than in the whole of Europe.

71%
of people in China measure success by the things they own, making it the world's most materialistic country

Every year, nearly four million cats are eaten in China as a delicacy.
SOURCE♺ SHARE❤ FAV
In 1973, China proposed to give 10 million Chinese women to the U.S. to boost the U.S. population.

China used more cement in 3 years (2011 to 2013) than the U.S. used in the entire 20th century.
The groundwater of 90% of Chinese cities is polluted.
Rich people in China hire body doubles to serve their prison sentence.

In China, women who remain unmarried in their late 20s and beyond are called "Sheng nu" which means "leftover women."
Air pollution in China increases snowfall in California.
All pandas in the world are on loan from China.
Cockroaches are served fried in China, Thailand and other Asian countries.
SOURCE♺ SHARE❤ FAV
Fortune cookies are not a traditional Chinese custom. They were invented in early 1900 in San Francisco.
Facebook, Twitter and The New York Times have been blocked in China since 2009.
Villagers in central China have long been using dinosaur bones as medicine, thinking they were from dragons
The world's largest producer of cigarettes is a company owned by the Chinese government.
In 2015, a Chinese billionaire bought a US$170 million painting by with his credit card so he could use the points for free airfare.
There are 93 million Wangs in China, is the most popular name in the country.
Chinese students can get 7 years in jail for cheating on exams.
In 2015 a Chinese woman who was missing for a decade and presumed dead was found living in an internet cafe after playing games for 10 years.
SOURCE♺ SHARE❤ FAV
Toilet paper was invented in China in the late 1300s. It was for emperors only.
The 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing were the most expensive games in history. While the 2004 Athens Games were estimated to cost around $15 billion, the Beijing Games were estimated to cost a whopping $40 billion.