Wal-Mart averages a profit of $1.8 million every hour.
Starbucks’ round tables were created specifically so customers would feel less alone.
Yahoo” is an acronym for “Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle.”
Apple’s iPad retina display is actually manufactured by Samsung.
Dasani water is just purified tap water; it doesn’t come from a natural spring.
Marvel Comics once owned the rights to the word “zombie.”
The red and white Coca-Cola logo is recognized by 94% of the world’s population.
The iPad 2 would cost $1,140 if it were made in America.
Adding "/4" (facebook.com/4) to the end of Facebook’s URL will take you to Mark Zuckerberg’s profile.
Cereal is the second-largest advertiser on television today, behind automobiles.
Google was originally called BackRub.
 U.S. corporations are reportedly hiding $1.6 trillion in profits offshore.
 Amazon.com employees spend two days every two years working at the customer service desk — even the CEO — in order to help all workers understand the customer service process.
 Amazon owns Zappos, ShopBop, Goodreads, and Audible.com
 Everything you say to Siri is sent to Apple, analyzed, and stored.
 Candy Crush brings in a reported $633,000 a day in revenue.
 Samsung accounts for 20% of Korea’s gross domestic product.
 The most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday.
Changing the U.S. $1 bill for a $1 coin would save the U.S. $4.4 billion in 30 years.
The “new car smell” is composed of over 50 volatile organic compounds.
 If Bill Gates were a country, he’d be the 37th richest on earth.
 McDonald’s first menu items were hot dogs, not hamburgers.
 More people in the world have mobile phones than toilets.
 Starbucks spends more on health care insurance for its employees ($300 million) than on coffee beans.
 Robert Chesebrough, the inventor of Vaseline, ate a spoonful of the stuff every morning.
 Victoria’s Secret is the most followed retailer on Instagram.
 The Rubik’s cube is the best-selling product of all time. The iPhone is second.
 Steve Jobs is credited as an executive producer on Toy Story.
 One in eight American workers have been employed by McDonald’s.
  In 2000, Coca-Cola launched a stealth campaign against water called “Just say no to H2O.”
   In 2000, Coca-Cola launched a stealth campaign against water called “Just say no to H2O.”
   Smoking near an Apple computer voids the warranty.
   The average smartphone user checks Facebook 14 times a day.
   Gambling generates more revenue than movies, spectator sports, theme parks, cruise ships, and recorded music combined.