Colombia's drug trade is worth US$10 billion. That's one-quarter as much as the country's legal exports.
The first thing ever bought and sold across the Internet was a bag of marijuana around 1971.
31% of rock star deaths are related to drugs or alcohol.
In the Netherlands, there are dozens of public facilities where you can bring recreational drugs including marijuana, cocaine and ecstasy to test if they are safe.
Drug possession and trafficking are punished in Singapore with the death penalty.
More than 100,000 babies are born addicted to cocaine each year in the U.S., due to their mothers' use of the drug during pregnancy.
Rastafarians are legally allowed to possess marijuana in Italy due to it being a 'sacrament' to the religion.
Marijuana is legal and is not even classified as a drug in North Korea.
In 1994, a 75-pound bag of cocaine fell out of a plane and landed in the middle of a Florida crime watch meeting.
Generic and brand name drugs are required by U.S. law to be equally effective.
Study after study has found that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol and tobacco.
Legalizing marijuana would generate $8.7 billion in federal and state tax revenue per year.
Marijuana has been legal for personal use in Alaska since 1975, and it's still legal today.
In Colorado, medical marijuana dispensaries outnumber Starbucks locations 3 to 1.
The first online transaction ever was Stanford students buying marijuana from MIT students.
A smoker would theoretically have to consume nearly 1,500 pounds of marijuana within about 15 minutes to die of an overdose.
in the fiscal year of 2014, the DEA spent an average of US$4.20 per marijuana plant they uprooted.
Cannabis is the largest cash crop in the U.S., exceeding corn and wheat combined
After Tupac was cremated, his ashes were mixed with marijuana and smoked by members of his hip-hop group, Outlawz. 
Today, 2,500 Americans will try cocaine for the first time.
More Colombians die every year from American tobacco than Americans die from Colombian cocaine.
Cocaine can be purchased for about US$5 per gram in Colombia while in the U.S. it sells for at least US$100.
Cupcakes can be as addictive as cocaine.
Taking cocaine increases the chance of having a heart attack within the hour by 2,400%.
Worldwide sales of cocaine earn more than Microsoft, McDonald's, and Kellogg's combined.
In the US today, prescription painkillers kill more Americans than heroin and cocaine combined.
Refined sugar is more addictive than cocaine.
A gram of cocaine costs 
€207 in Australia but just €9 in Brazil.
Smoking causes 1 in every 5 deaths in the U.S. every year.
A single cigarette contains over 4,800 chemicals, 69 of which are known to 
cause cancer.
Smoking costs the U.S. US$333 billion per year in health-care expenses and lost productivity.
15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide every day.
More than a third of the world's smokers are Chinese.
Smoking makes your hair turn gray faster, a study found.
The Chinese smoking population is higher than the entire population of the U.S.
In 2010, a 2-year-old boy from Indonesia, Ardi Rizal, made headlines for having a 40-a-day smoking habit.
Even though the Hindenburg was inflated with 7 million cubic feet of highly flammable hydrogen gas, it had a smoking room.
Urea, the main ingredient in urine, is added to cigarettes to enhance their flavor.
Within 48 hours of quitting smoking, your nerve endings begin to regrow and your senses of smell and taste begin to return to normal.






























