Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.~
If you were to remove all of the empty space from the atoms that make up every human on earth, the entire world population could fit into an apple.~
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.~
You cannot snore and dream at the same time.~
There is no butter in buttermilk.~
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.~
Sharks are immune to all known diseases.~
Horses sleep standing up.~
Crocodiles swallow rocks to help them dive deeper.~
Grasshoppers have white blood.~
Sharks never stop moving even when they sleep or rest.~
Shrimps are all born male but slowly grow into females.~
A hippo can run faster than any human.~
 If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, it would take you exactly 42 minutes and 12 seconds to get to the other side.
Jellyfish don’t have a brain.~
People say "Bless you" when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.~
Female kangaroos have three vaginas.~
TODAY,66 PERCENT OF ALL AMERICANS ARE CONSIDERED TO BE OVERWEIGHT.~
The first person to own a slave in America was black.~
It is legal for underage kids to smoke cigarettes, but it is illegal for them to purchase them.~
7% of americans clamin they never bathe.~
22 million chickens are consumed in the US every day.~
The U.S purchased Alaska from Russia for just 7.2 million in 1867.~
If all the LEGO bricks ever manufactured were clipped on top of one another, they would make a tower ten times as high as the distance to the Moon.
Until the 1960′s, the only reliable pregnancy test was to inject a woman’s urine into a female African clawed frog. If the woman was pregnant, the frog would ovulate within 12 hours.
The average person accidentally eats 430 bugs each year of their life.
If you drilled a tunnel straight through the Earth and jumped in, it would take you exactly 42 minutes and 12 seconds to get to the other side.
No matter its size or thickness, no piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times.
JELLYFISH ARE NOT FISH. THEY HAVE NO BRAIN, NO HEART, AND NO BONES.
THE HIGHEST WAVE EVER SURFED WAS AS TALL AS A 10-STORY BUILDING.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
Money notes are not made from paper, they are made mostly from a special blend of cotton and linen. 
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not